Special System Story
Drew Coe and Contributors - 2019-10-11

Flourescent light burned Scott's eyse as he oepened them.  His head pounded.  He could still taste the alcholol from last night. He sat up and looked around an empty room.  Where was he?  A strange bald man appeared out of nowhere. "Now Scott", the bald man questioned, "is a burrito a sandwich?".  Scott was dumbfounded, as his headache grew in intensity. "I-I-I don't know", he stuttered out.  He had never taken the time to consider whether a Poptart was a ravioli, much less a burrito being a sandwich.  As the strange man turned to walk through a samll crevice Scott had missed on his first intake of the room, Scott yelled out, "Is cereal a soup?".  The man turned back.

The bald man paused. He turned back around. "Now you are asking the real questions”. He then explained how this question was of particular importance to him as it was the main focus of his philosophy thesis. He then said “well, soup can be defined as food chunks in liquid. On the other hand, soup is usually a liquid food made by boiling or simmering meat, fish, or vegetables with various added ingredients. One does not typically boil their milk now do they?”. Scott began to think about this deeper.

"Well then, explain this." The bald man passed him a bowl of green gazpatcho. "Is this still soup?"

"Uhhh... yes..." Scott scratched is head, and felt it with a finger. It was utterly cold to the touch. "But it's not warm, is it?"

"Exactly. Cold soup is still soup." The bald man then tossed the soup in Scott's face. "Aggggh, agggghhhh! I'm at soup! I'm at soup!"

The bald man grinned, staring down at the agonized Scott. "There's only soup. Nothing else matters."

But the root of all questions, the answer to the univerise itself..."Is a hotdog a sandwich?". As the baldman asked this life altering question, Scott could hear the many wars begnning to be fought. He asked himself, "Why do people care so much about the answer? Why would people kill over it?".

